[Music]
hey toy fans and welcome to a trading
card pocket opening under review here on
toy review TV I love a good trading card
pack opening as I'm sure you do this
time
it is of the My Little Pony collectible
card game this is the premier
collectible card game from end to play I
use ten years and upwards this will cost
$8.99 this is the theme deck and it is
rarity and Rainbow Dash of course we get
four cards one of the four cards on
display there being a rarity I do have
two packs of all the packs full +2 and
99 each so we have lots and lots to be
getting on with
and looking at let's take a quick spin
off of this there are rules for the game
but I'm not too interested in the game
this time I just want to see what the
trading cards look like which is the
main thing really I thought I've got
these four I mean I'm sure we could have
a quick look at the gaming descriptions
but I am not too bothered there we get
all the cards in one pack inside
cardboard insert we get these action
tokens as well for use in the game these
all just push out and we do get a raw
pocket inside as well which will give
you all the rules of the game and it
looks like there are lots of rules so if
you like the look of these cards guys I
will let you investigate the rules as it
seems a little bit too in-depth there to
get into on this review we also get a
listening player let's take a quick look
and got a feeling this is going to be
difficult
it's a look this is the game of Matthew
C we have disciple Paul draw deck and
home this gives you some instructions as
well we have the turn card score slider
card there as well and there you go so
that's in several parts of the game
playing experience and then when you are
finished with it it will just fall back
up so there you go
kind of like a poster so let's get into
the cards because this is what it's all
about guys even if you don't want to
play the game the cars are always really
cool to collect so there you go this is
our first foil card and this is a boost
card and rarity battling fashionista and
there you go we have the static etc on
the bottom and also some to the rear as
well some stats and game play
instructions so that is off the first to
foil and we can just flick through these
rainbow dash this is a turn card the
score slider card is one of these that's
what they look like where you get Holi
Holi the holy - and we have two of those
there in concession so us a little new
jobs happen - exactly so oh we get to
the same again okay I'll see a theme
here so we do get a CC seems as we go
through so there you go not sure why we
get doubles maybe that would be
explained if I'd read the rules of the
game time to impatience and to bring you
the awesomeness that's all these cards
we do get some nice pictures included on
these somehow just have the plain back
some have stuff on the rear there we go
that's just a flick through we have a
three of that card let me have another
two of that's one you know the to a
again
and it doesn't give the names of the
ponies on the top it just gives you a
saying or a phrase it seems to a be so
we have a three of those cars there dig
a deep event three of those be an event
card then we have one on its own there
we seem to be getting some more singles
nails it's such a refinement creme de la
creme foal Free Press we get two of
those leather Pony baggage Alikhani
badger marvelous shapow through those
Ponyville expressed through it those
these are troublemaker cars yellow
parasprite two of those and against more
trouble maker cars there two of those
Timberwolf looking for trouble
these have bonuses on the size of that
bonus one they have two more the sign of
their two more the same again clearing a
gloomy skies and then we have emergency
address order two of those and then we
have this one on its own I can fix it
the bonus of one and it's a twist that
we have to those with a bonus of two so
we only have the one foil card in that
whole box guys is a little my finger and
disappointing so let's see what we get
in the packs i spring with some foils
might be from of these packs so or a
seven quick look at what we get this
being a better as we get singles not the
walls as we go through again some nice
colorful pictures on these and will we
get the foil I don't think we will
Bonnie breakers
then honestly an event cough so there
are some more and we have one more
chance to get ourselves a toilet well we
get one I do believe I'll just saw a
foil there so at least we get to see
another one yeah Vonnie stampede apple
cobbler fighting for friendship
mint julep monster of a - all glow bit
we get mr. Beaverton and beaver teeth
that's there and there we have a full
card hurrah
on the cover adventure and that is an
event card so we have our second foil
and we will not get anymore so let's
just flick through these Rainbow Dash
Rainbow Dash you know her glorious
colors they so there you go
only two fold cars go so these seem to
be where are the Ray as out of all that
we did only get two and then we got all
of these cards these basic playing cards
left over well there you having the
cards seem pretty cool with this says
especially those foils and I'm sure
they'd be even better if I knew how to
play the game but there you go you get
an insight at what those cards look like
and if you have time to digest the
instructions or if you already know how
to play the game please and do with
comments in at the comments section
below it would be nice to know how the
game does play well guys thank you all
very much for tuning in to where this
review and opening please do feel free
to write comments I'll subscribe and I
hope to see you all here next time on
tal your review TV
[Music]